OBSDOCS-1917: Logging Z-Stream Release Notes - 6.0.9 (#93736)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-rn-6.0.9.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/logging-6.0/log6x-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="logging-release-notes-6-0-9_{context}"]
= Logging 6.0.9

This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2025:8144[RHBA-2025:8144].

[id="logging-release-notes-6-0-9-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, merging data from the `message` field into the root of a Syslog log event caused the log event to be inconsistent with the ViaQ data model. The inconsistency could lead to overwritten system information, data duplication, or event corruption. This update revises Syslog parsing and merging for the Syslog output to align with other output types, resolving this inconsistency. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7183[LOG-7183])

Author: done

> * Before this update, log forwarding failed if you configured a cluster-wide proxy with a URL containing a username with an encoded "@" symbol; for example "user%40name". This update resolves the issue by adding correct support for URL-encoded values in proxy configurations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7186[LOG-7186])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, log forwarding failed when the cluster-wide proxy configuration included a URL with a username containing an encoded `@` symbol; for example, `user%40name`. With this update, the system support the URL-encoded values in proxy configurations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7186[LOG-7186])
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#release-notes-doc-texts - use the format
rewording for clarity and tense.

[id="logging-release-notes-6-0-9-cves_{context}"]
== CVEs

* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-49043[CVE-2022-49043]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-12087[CVE-2024-12087]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-12088[CVE-2024-12088]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-12133[CVE-2024-12133]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-12243[CVE-2024-12243]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-12747[CVE-2024-12747]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-56171[CVE-2024-56171]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2025-0395[CVE-2025-0395]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2025-24928[CVE-2025-24928]

> [NOTE]
> ====
> For detailed information on Red{nbsp}Hat security ratings, review link:https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/classification/#important[Severity ratings].
> ====

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed information about Red{nbsp}Hat security ratings, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/classification/#important[Severity ratings].
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences

Reviewer 2: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions
